DOC-3412-2: CE 4.5 - Fixed links in Corda Nodes section (#279)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/node/operating/node-administration.md

When running in dev mode, Hibernate statistics are also available via the Jolokia interface. These are disabled otherwise
due to expensive run-time costs. They can be turned on and off explicitly regardless of dev mode via the

> `exportHibernateJMXStatistics` flag on the [database configuration](../setup/corda-configuration-file.html#database-properties-ref).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`exportHibernateJMXStatistics` flag on the [database configuration](../setup/corda-configuration-file.md).
```
